Fifty years have passed,
but I do not age.
Time has lost its effect on me.
(EXHALES)
(LAUGHS MANIACALLY)
Yet the suffering continues.
Aku's grasp chokes the past,
present, and future.
Hope is lost.
Got to get back,
back to the past,
Samurai Jack.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
(CROAKS)
They're coming!
(GASPS)
(GRIPPING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BIRDS CRYING)
(GROANS)
(WHIMPERS)
(WINGS FLUTTER)
(SOMBER INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(PANTING)
(GROANS)
Huh?
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(MOANING)
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMS)
(GROANS)
(THUD)
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
(SHIVERING)
Look at you.
You've survived worse.
(GROANS)
This isn't about your pathetic little cut.
It's about that girl you killed.
We've never killed
a human before, have we?
Sure, mountains of robot corpses.
But this?
This was the first human being.
Real flesh and blood.
What happens when the others find you?
You'll have to kill them, too.
Can you?
Will you be able to when the time comes?
Maybe they will kill you.
Or is that what you want?
(STRAINED) No.
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(FOOTSTEPS CONTINUE)
(GROWLING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SERENE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(MEN SHOUTING)
(HORSES WHINNY)
(MEN GROANING)
(SWORDS CLASHING)
MAN: Emperor!
Your guards are dead, and you are next.
(HORSES WHINNY)
EMPEROR: Your choices
have clearly led you here,
as have mine.
I will give you a new choice.
Leave now and live
or stay and face your destiny.
MAN; Ha!
Your Bushido nonsense means nothing to us.
Your destiny is death!
(MEN GRUNTING)
(SCREAMING)
(GASPS)
Huh?
(GRUNTING)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(GASPS)
(WHIMPERS)
(SNARLS)
(BURPS)
(GROWLS)
(GASPS)
(BARKING)
(GROWLS)
(TEETH CHATTERING)
(SNORING)
(GROANS)
(SOLEMN INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(WHIMPERS)
(SERENE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
The decisions you make
and the actions that follow
are a reflection of who you are.
You cannot hide from yourself.
(ENTHRALLING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SINISTER INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Death is failure.
(WATER RUSHING)
(THRILLING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Follow the river.
I'll take watch.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(THRILLING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Samurai blood.
The river guides our way.
(BRANCH SNAPS)
(ANIMAL CALLS)
What...is that?
(WHISPERING) Quiet!
Mother told us
there would be other creatures.
Wait.
Something else approaches.
Is it with the Samurai?
Should We kill it?
(GASPS) Aku.
It is surely one of his minions.
It will devour the weaker one.
What madness is this?
What are they doing?
I... don't know.
Well, I don't like it.
(LEAVES RUSTLE)
(DEER WHIMPER)
Look.
(INTENSE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRIPPING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
JACK: You have chosen this path.
Life works in strange ways.
Your choices have clearly led you here,
as have mine.
I will give you a new choice.
Leave here now and live
or stay and face your destiny.
Our destiny is your death!
JACK: So... I guess you're staying.
Perhaps I was unclear.
Enough words!
Show yourself, Samurai, so you can die!
JACK: Very well.
The decisions you make
and the actions that follow
- are a reflection of...
- Shut up!
JACK: ...of who you really are.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(RAVEN CAWS)
(SQUAWKS)
(GRIPPING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS)
Aah!
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
(BREATHING SLOWS GRADUALLY)
(PANTING STOPS)
(GRIPPING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(WIND HOWLING)
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
(BONE CRUNCHES)
(THRILLING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
You worthless scum!
I will kill you!
You can never escape from Aku!
You will die!
You will die a horrible death,
and then Aku will sing,
for he is free
from the parasite that you are!
Die, Samurai!
Die, die, you scum!
Die! Die!
Die, Samurai!
You will die!
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(CREAKING)
(SNAP)
(SCREAMS)
♪ Watch out
♪ Gotta get back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out ♪
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out ♪